---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 1"
date:   2017-04-07 03:15:57 -0700
---
<p>Lluvia was just waking that morn when she learned that she was wanted by the Jeff.</p> <p>Why she was wanted, she couldn't tell. She simply stared @ 1 o' the beeping circular screens on the telephone that woke her in the 1st place &amp; read a message from the Jeff's # that said, “B @ the sheriffs office by noon to be taken out &amp; dont think bout trying to run way we can find you”.</p> <p>This left her in quite a carrot: she could ascertain by the words “to be taken out” that surrendering herself to the Jeff would end in her being taken out, which she was quite certain would upset her family up in the great bonus stage in the sky, not to mention the fact that she always felt nervous in kangaroo courts, what with them all hopping round &amp; stuffing their pouches with lawyers; &amp; yet, the Jeff clearly warned that they'd take her 'way forcibly if she didn't comply.</p> <p>'Sides, 'twas the Jeff: you're not s'posed to say no to the Jeff — a'least not if you don't want to be stuffed in a pickle jar without air holes. Her wise parents were always sure she knew this &amp; taught her to ne'er say anything treasonous or impolite — though she wasn't sure how well her older sister followed 'long, considering what a troublemaker she was. Lluvia, by contrast, was proud o' how thoroughly she followed this rule — so thoroughly that she avoided talking to people as much as possible.</p> <p><i>But this case is different: the Jeff's already going to stick dynamite in my stomach &amp; make my organs 'splode, so I might as well refuse so I a'least have a tiny chance o' not being dead.</i></p> <p><i>¿But what do I do now, then? I can't just stay here: they clearly said they can find me.</i></p> <p><i>Yeah, but they might've just been lying so I wouldn't e'en try &amp; it'd be easier for them.</i></p> <p><i>'Sides, ¿don't you remember what father always said?: ne'er give up without trying.</i></p> <p><i>¿But where should I hide then? They'll surely know I'm here.</i></p> <p><i>If only I'd opted to go unlisted...</i></p> <p><i>Isht. Whatever I do, I need to get moving.</i></p> <p>She forced her legs to swing out from under the covers, shivering @ the chilly feel o' the carpet on her bare feet, &amp; then bent down &amp; put on her socks &amp; boots — the only step o' “getting dressed” in the morn she needed, wearing the same jeans &amp; jacket day &amp; night. This time, rather than being ashamed @ her lazy attention span's inability to handle mo' complex wardrobe configurations, she was glad 'bout the way it made getting ready quicker.</p> <p>As she tied her boots, she thought, <i>It's obvious that I need to leave. ¿But where should I go?</i></p> <p><i>No time to think 'bout that. Let's get moving.</i></p> <p>She stretched &amp; yawned so strongly that the corner o' her eyes burned from under her hood. Though her brain knew she should get up, her body resisted. Her hanging eyelids rose as her attention transformed in a way Lluvia figured was similar to sobering after a hangover.</p> <p><i>There's no way I'm going to be able to do this. I can't 'scape the Jeff — no one can. I'm... I'm dead.</i></p> <p>She felt her fingers tighten o'er the edge o' her mattress &amp; scrape back off it repeatedly while she stared off @ her walls — her main hobby: she couldn't count all the hours she squandered gazing @ all the subtle shade variations round all the bumps &amp; concaves in the drywall. Sometimes, when she was 'specially daring, she'd even touch the wall, feeling its slightly-sticky, bumpy but smooth surface.</p> <p>She forced herself to stand as her mind shouted, <i>Isht. ¡Get up! ¡You have to get moving!</i></p> <p><i>Maybe I'll have 'nough time for a quick cup o' stimulant. It looks like I'll need it just to keep alert during this grueling ordeal, anyway.</i></p> <p>She knew this was a weak 'scuse, but strode out through the hall into the kitchen to start a brew, anyway. As she heard the pot churn the purple chemicals, she brought a mug out o' a cupboard, &amp; then stood in the middle o' the kitchen, wide-eyed.</p> <p><i>¿What now? I need to use this waiting time wisely.</i></p> <p><i>I ought to take some stuff with me.</i></p> <p><i>¿But what?</i></p> <p>She ran into her bedroom &amp; stood in the doorway, staring down @ the mountain o' junk lying all 'long the floor. She felt as if she were playing 1 o' those “Find Breeze” puzzles, 'cept with a short time limit, which, rather than making this a fun, calm game turned it into a blood-itching ordeal she just wanted to end quickly. She could hardly recognize most o' this junk, nor did she know where most o' it came from. She remembered some o' it came from strangers who gave her stuff after her family died for some reason; but most o' this stuff she faintly recognized from before that.</p> <p><i>Augh. Stop getting distracted. OK, let's see if there's anything we can — ¡There we go!</i></p> <p>She bent down &amp; pulled out a pudgy navy-blue suitcase with round edges &amp; a hard shell that felt like the offspring o' leather &amp; plastic. She could feel that 'twas empty by the airy way it moved; though she had to open it, anyway, to fill it.</p> <p><i>Now, ¿what should I take?</i></p> <p><i>¡The stimulant &amp; maker, duh!</i></p> <p>She ran out into the kitchen with the suitcase still in-hand &amp; saw that the carafe had already finished brewing. She dropped the suitcase, poured the stimulant into her mug, &amp; shot a bullet o' it down her gullet, ignoring the burns it left in her mouth. She could feel it stretch its warm feet down her stomach, felt it pumped her marrow full o' nuclear energy — as well as dissolving her internal organs.</p> <p>After a few mo' chugs, she set her mug down &amp; scrambled to turn off the machine &amp; unplug it, only to stop suddenly afterward.</p> <p><i>¿Should I clean it 'fore I take it or not?</i></p> <p><i>Augh. Too many decisions. Too many ways I can mess up.</i></p> <p><i>No time to clean it.</i></p> <p>So she took the stimulant maker, being careful not to let the pot fall out &amp; smash gainst the floor, &amp; set it in her suitcase.</p> <p><i>OK. Now, ¿what else should I put in here?</i> Her heels rose &amp; fell by their own volition, inspired by her impatience to leave while she still had a chance &amp; the stimulant.</p> <p>Then she heard rapping @ her front door.</p> <p><i>That must be them.</i></p> <p><i>It's not like it'd be anyone else.</i></p> <p>She peered over the side o' the kitchen, only to see that she'd, thankfully, left the blinds closed.</p> <p><i>You ne'er know, though: they could have special glasses that allows them to see through solid objects.</i></p> <p>She heard a voice half-carved out from passing through the door say, “Lluvia, this is Sheriff Terra o' the Feathers. Under power o' the Jeff I order you to come out”.</p> <p>Lluvia held her breath, feeling the rest o' her body try to suck itself into antimatter. She'd known Terra since she was 10 — knew she was always frightened o' that face o' hardened mold, the way her voice always sounded like metal smashing gainst the wall after midnight, even when she was speaking calmly. Indeed, e'en including the 1 time she'd seen her topple o'er a thief in 1 motion, she'd ne'er seen Terra emote anything but calmness.</p> <p>“If you don't come out, I'll just bust in &amp; force you out. You might as well save us time”.</p> <p>Lluvia closed her suitcase as quietly as she could &amp; tiptoed through out into the hallway.</p> <p>“All right. Have it the hard way”, said Terra.</p> <p><i>OK, think quickly: ¿Where can I hide? ¿Where can I hide?</i></p> <p>She stopped &amp; looked up to see string dangling from the door to the attic. She leapt &amp; grabbed its end, pulling down the door with her, atop which was a set o' stairs.</p> <p>But Lluvia dropped her suitcase when she heard pounding on the door so strong she could feel its vibrations push straight through her skeleton. She looked 'hind her &amp; saw the door jerk millimeters out o' its frame @ each blow.</p> <p>Despite her bones' desire to just shatter into pieces &amp; get it o'er with, Lluvia forced herself to climb the attic stairs, pulling the door shut 'hind her.</p> <p>She peeked down through the thin slits on the sides o' the door, clenching her hands together &amp; shaking @ every strike gainst the door as if Terra were pounding directly on Lluvia's spinal cord.</p> <p>Finally, she heard a thump, followed by oily footsteps. Terra's voice, now much clearer, called out, “You can hide, but you can't run. Stop wasting our time: be a good citizen &amp; give yourself in”.</p> <p>Lluvia's lungs locked up as she watched Terra march through her view. However, Terra didn't seem to e'en glance upward, passing by completely.</p> <p><i>¿Dare I try 'scaping while she's preoccupied in my room or should I wait &amp; see if she'll 'ventually give up &amp; leave?</i></p> <p><i>It's unlikely I could outrun her, so I'd better get a good running start — &amp; e'en that'd unlikely work; but if I wait, she might see this door &amp; check up here.</i></p> <p>Lluvia shivered. 'Twas much colder up here. She could tell by the pattering she heard outside &amp; the minty smell that 'twas raining — Gray Forest legitimizing its name, as it oft did. She looked back 'long the wall &amp; saw a dusty window open a crack. For how many years, Lluvia couldn't guess. She couldn't e'en remember the last time she'd been up here.</p> <p>She did remember that she &amp; Blitz were always excited 'bout such a huge room full o' mysteries when they was younger — well, Blitz was; Lluvia was always 'fraid o' being devoured by flesh-eating moths. The irony was, by the time they were ol' 'nough to go up there, neither was interested anymo': Blitz was preoccupied with school, Lluvia with her gorgeous walls.</p> <p>Lluvia sighed. <i>So much I've neglected, so much I've left 'hind; &amp; now it'll probably be too late.</i></p> <p><i>Well, if I do live through this, I won't make that mistake 'gain: I promise you, attic, that if I can return to you safely, I'll show you the love you deserve.</i></p> <p>Though she hoped these distractions might make a good reprieve from the noise &amp; the chill that conspired to assault her nervous system, they were dashed 'way by the constant clacking o' hard objects being tossed 'bout, — presumably by Terra in her room — which only scraped her nerves e'en bloodier. 'Twas @ this point that she rued forgetting to use the bathroom earlier, as the mix o' liquid- &amp; fear-based stimulant pressed on her like a wall o' wasp stingers.</p> <p><i>¿What do they want from me? ¿Why are they doing this? ¡Just leave me 'lone!</i></p> <p>She knew the relatively quiet violence gainst inanimate objects was, by itself, harmless. She was safe so far. Her organs were all working fine. 'Twas her pesky brain &amp; the implied violence it recognized in such noises that drove her close to ripping the skin right off her face just to expend the energy that'd otherwise just choke her blood supply.</p> <p><i>¡If I don't just go now I'll go crazy! ¡Just go!</i></p> <p><i>For once, do something... ¡something! Would your family want you to die just sitting here clutching your knees with drenched trousers or would they want you to a'least try to survive as they did killing themselves to feed your sluggish mouth.</i></p> <p>Lluvia held her breath &amp; tightened her right hand's grasp on her suitcase while the other hand clutched the attic door. She hesitated for a second, during which she decided to take 1 last peek down through the slit, only to discern from the sound o' the sliding closet door that Terra was still in her room.</p> <p><i>She won't be for long if you don't go, ¡now!</i></p> <p>Lluvia forced her arm to carefully but swiftly push the door down, slowing just before the bottom to minimize the sound it made. She looked to the sides 'gain to see if Terra'd heard, but heard no reprieve in the ongoing but irrhythmic clatter o' Terra's search.</p> <p>Lluvia leapt down in 1 loud stomp &amp; immediately ran for the thankfully still-open doorway. She heard Terra's search suddenly cut off; but by that point Lluvia was already out the door, only to trip over the deck &amp; stumble face-1st into the damp dirt.</p> <p>She looked o'ershoulder, expecting to see Terra right 'hind her, only to see that she still hadn't reached the doorway. 'Twasn't till Lluvia was back on her feet &amp; running 'gain that she saw Terra poke her head out the door &amp; her heavy-lidded eyes lock on Lluvia.</p> <p>However, rather than chasing after Lluvia, all Terra did was stand there with her arms crossed &amp; call out, “You're only creating mo' pain for yourself in the longterm. There's nowhere safe. We control the whole place — &amp; we will get you 'ventually”.</p>