---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 3"
date:   2017-04-07 03:15:57 -0700
---
<p>Lluvia had entered the worst core o&rsquo; midnight when she finally reached the Purple Metropolis; &amp; ‘twas only when she reached it that she realized she didn’t feel any safer here than in the Gray Forests. Dead black trees were replaced by giants with a thousand sickly yellow eyes each, shining spotlights on her @ all times; dry dirt sacrificed itself to oily streets; &amp; all were covered in the same spoiled leaves. Now &rsquo;stead o&rsquo; straightening in shock @ every hiss, howl, meow, or caw, she quaked @ the sudden growl o&rsquo; motors flashing by her, any 1 o&rsquo; which could ram into her.</p> <p>Worse, they were manned by humans — &amp; humans could alert her to the Jeff as well as a million scattered Sheriff Terras.</p> <p><i>¿So where do I go from here?</i> <i>¿Do I just keep running to the end o&rsquo; the world?</i></p> <p>Her vision swung left &amp; right &rsquo;mong the city as a pendulum, waiting for someone to finally catch her.</p> <p>“&rsquo;Scuse me, miss, ¿but d&rsquo;you need help with anything?”</p> <p>Lluvia&rsquo;s neck was close to snapping, she flipped her face so fast. The person she saw leaned back in fear with his hands pressed together.</p> <p>“O, sorry. I didn&rsquo;t mean to scare you or anything&hellip;”</p> <p>The person wasn&rsquo;t Terra or any pink-cloaked Feather. He was a short boy with dark-chocolate hair &amp; a smile o&rsquo; lemons. She wasn’t sure how he was born that way — quite strange, now that she thought &rsquo;bout it.</p> <p>&rsquo;Stead o&rsquo; a pink cloak that made her blood run faster than her feet, he wore a red-orange sweater &amp; brown sweat pants that, well, made her blood run faster than her feet, but in a different direction. She gazed @ the swaying string o&rsquo; his sweats as if &rsquo;twere a metronome. Then she realized that this was probably not where a proper citizen would look &amp; threw her sight back up @ his face. Thick square spectacles framed the vanilla-white soup bowls that were his eyes, which served only to frame the tiny chocolate chips that were his pupils…</p> <p>This was when Lluvia realized how hungry she was, feeling the in-and-out rumbling in her stomach. She also felt the sensation o&rsquo; jackhammers &amp; napalm bombs dropping inside, too, but that was normal thanks to the stimulant.</p> <p>Stimulant. Now that was something she craved worse. Her mouth filled with acid as she ruminated o&rsquo;er the warm oak hickory taste &amp; cocoa texture swimming down her throat as a waterslide.</p> <p>But she knew she’d ne&rsquo;er have either &rsquo;gain. She’d forgotten to bring food with her, &amp; the stimulant maker needed electricity — which she’d also ne&rsquo;er have — to work. She knew she couldn’t trust any o&rsquo; these shops, couldn’t trust any landlord not to turn her in the second she solicited their services. ¿&amp; where could she work now? ¿What employer wouldn’t send her to the subterranean ice camps the moment she looked @ her?</p> <p><i>I’ll just wander on &amp; on &amp; on till my body finally withers &rsquo;way to nothing,</i> she thought with a slow sigh.</p> <p>The boy&rsquo;s brows tilted up like pinball flippers. “¿Miss? ¿Is everything all right?”</p> <p><i>Idiot. ¿Why are you still standing here? ¿Why didn’t you start walking? ¿How suspicious will it look with you just standing in the middle o&rsquo; the sidewalk, staring off into the stars &amp; firs?</i></p> <p>But &rsquo;course, this was activity she’d excelled @ so many times — standing round staring off into space — that her body &amp; mind became accustomed to it, as someone’s feet &amp; hands become automatically adjusted to driving after years o&rsquo; doing so. With her mind &amp; body so numbed by this strange mix o&rsquo; enduring exhaustion &amp; frantic adrenaline, she felt especially susceptible to this illness. The key difference now, however, was that there were other people in the equation — people who might want to help the Jeff execute her.</p> <p>“¿Miss?” he repeated. “¿You want me to leave you &rsquo;lone now? I&hellip; Luna says I can be annoying sometimes&hellip;”</p> <p>Though she knew she had to say <i>something</i> to elude the obvious suspicion he held in that li&rsquo;l cranium o&rsquo; his, her throat constricted, a turtle shoving its head back into its shell.</p> <p>“Uh… yeah”, she mumbled. “I just…” Her eyes wavered round her surroundings, desperate for some muse. “I just had to remember where I was in relation to some other place. I know this area by sight, but not by the actual address #s, if you know what I mean”.</p> <p>She was certain it’d be the stupidest thing he’d e&rsquo;er heard.</p> <p>“I understand”, he said with a nod. “¿Where you headed?”</p> <p>Lluvia had to stifle a burgeoning smile. She’d had an idea. Not a perfect idea — it wasn’t something that&rsquo;d cure cancer or that groggy feeling you get when you wake up after sleeping through a Sunday afternoon; but ‘twas an idea that’d work great for her present situation.</p> <p>“O, I’m just headed down to the local store to get a barrel o&rsquo; stimulant”.</p> <p>“¿Which store? I could help you find it if you want”.</p> <p><i>¿Which store? ¿Which store? Isn’t that the question…</i></p> <p>Lluvia waved a hand timidly.</p> <p>“O… that’s OK. I&hellip; I wouldn&rsquo;t want to make you waste your time or anything”.</p> <p>“O, I&rsquo;m not busy with anything”, he said.</p> <p>“Um, no, truly, there’s no need to help. Truly”, Lluvia said as she centimetered &rsquo;way.</p> <p>“¿Is something wrong?” he asked, his smile dissipating &rsquo;gain. “I&rsquo;m not being annoying &rsquo;gain, ¿am I? Luna says I can be annoying to people sometimes”.</p> <p>“Everything’s cool”, she said nervously as she began quick-walking &rsquo;way. “I just realized I need to hurry if I’m going to make it before it closes”.</p> <p>Then she shifted into a run, not daring to turn back to see if he — or some Feather crony he’d alerted — was chasing her. He’d know if she turned back to look. She knew he’d know.</p>