---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 2"
date:   2017-04-07 03:15:57 -0700
---
<p><i>¿Why?</i></p> <p>&rsquo;Twas only that night as she lay in the scraggly arms o&rsquo; a half-naked cheddar elm that she asked herself this question. For most o&rsquo; the afternoon she was too preoccupied with scrambling through Gray Forest, trying to build as much distance &rsquo;tween her &amp; Terra without smacking into an oak&rsquo;s chest or tripping over any stones.</p> <p>In which direction she was headed, she still didn&rsquo;t know — definitely not toward Maroon Town, which she should&rsquo;ve reached hours ago if she had been. E&rsquo;en having spent her entire life in Gray Forest, she still understood only a grain o&rsquo; the mountain that made up its secrets. Even its name was a bit o&rsquo; a mystery: some called it “Gray Forest”, some “Grey Forest”, &amp; some “Gray Woods”.</p> <p>Nobody ever called it “Grey Woods”, though — that&rsquo;d be ridiculous.</p> <p>She tried to remember all the legends mother had read to her &amp; Blitz when they were younger, &amp; wondered how true any o&rsquo; them were. 1 she did remember her mother emphasizing was the danger o&rsquo; eating some o&rsquo; the white mushrooms that swarmed: the “destroying angels”, she called them. Her mother had warned that they were poisonous, which was &rsquo;nough to scare her &rsquo;way from e&rsquo;er e&rsquo;en touching 1. She remembered this &rsquo;cause she kept seeing them pass as she ran by. Though she knew &rsquo;twas silly, she kept fearing that Terra would jump out from nowhere &amp; force 1 into her mouth.</p> <p>Which only brought her back to original question: <i>¿What could I have done to make them come after me?</i></p> <p>She shivered as she stared up @ the poisoned purple sky with hot venose eyes. Though it stopped raining just before sundown, the wind continued to dig under every opening in her garments. Meanwhile, the villi leaves o&rsquo; her pine-branch blanket tickled her from their wiggling in the wind; however she preferred this to the loss o&rsquo; warmth that&rsquo;d be caused by casting off said blanket.</p> <p>She considered the darkness left by the cloud-smothered moon to be a 2-ended rifle: while the lack o&rsquo; light made it harder for her enemies — whomever they may be — to capture her, it also made it impossible for her to see whoever might be lurking.</p> <p><i>¿What would I do e&rsquo;en if I could see them? ¿Try outrunning them? ¿With my lazy feet?</i></p> <p><i>It worked before.</i></p> <p><i>It worked &rsquo;cause Terra let it work — probably so she could have an easier time capturing me @ night.</i></p> <p><i>Yeah, but it should be harder for her to find me @ night, &amp; harder to follow me if I start running.</i></p> <p><i>That&rsquo;s if she doesn&rsquo;t have a flashlight: if she does, she&rsquo;ll be able to follow me easily while I bump into every tree.</i></p> <p>&rsquo;Course, while the darkness might shroud her from humans, rabid animals — such as the thunder wolves — could see just fine through the murk with their headlight eyes. If they sought her, she was cinnamon toast — which was exactly how thunder wolves baked their prey.</p> <p>While she could tolerate not being able to see, ‘twas being able to hear that truly pecked @ her nerves. The worst part was that she couldn’t e&rsquo;en identify what the sounds were: she constantly heard leaves rustling, which she knew was from the wind, but which every so oft made her fear that something was creeping through some bushes, waiting to pounce on her.</p> <p>&amp; e&rsquo;en if she knew the siren whistle came from the Equine Express on an after-midnight trip, it still shook her down to the marrow &amp; stuffed her mind with visions o&rsquo; oil-soaked machines Frankensteinly built with rough appendages, sharp claws, &amp; a belly full o&rsquo; fire, ready to annihilate her.</p> <p>But the worst were what Lluvia swore were growling &amp; wolf howls.</p> <p><i>Once &rsquo;gain, there’s nothing you can do. What, ¿are you going to outrun thunder wolves, speedier than sound? Now get some sleep so that you can wake up before dawn hatches &amp; actually do something.</i></p> <p>What that was, she still wasn&rsquo;t sure — other than continuing to wander through the forest till she found... </p> <p>What she hoped to find, she also wasn&rsquo;t sure.</p> <p><i>¿Is there anywhere where the Jeff isn&rsquo;t in control &amp; can&rsquo;t do anything to capture me?</i></p> <p><i>If not, I&rsquo;m screwed.</i></p> <p>Already she felt the pangs o&rsquo; hunger pinch her stomach return, having started hours earlier.</p> <p><i>I&rsquo;m such an idiot: I was so boxed up in everything that I didn&rsquo;t even think to finish packing. ¿How d&rsquo;you expect to live through this when you can&rsquo;t e&rsquo;en think o&rsquo; such simple things?</i></p> <p>…</p> <p><i>If they catch me, it&rsquo;ll be bad — much worse than just dying.</i></p> <p>She remembered her parents telling her what happened to those who “got on the Jeff&rsquo;s grumpy side” when she was li&rsquo;l. She, &rsquo;course, screamed many nights &rsquo;way after that till her parents assured her that it&rsquo;d ne&rsquo;er happen to her &rsquo;cause she was a good citizen &amp; was always careful to be good. She was still upset &rsquo;bout the people who weren&rsquo;t “good citizens”, however. Blitz&rsquo;s late-night whispering &rsquo;bout the Jeff didn&rsquo;t help.</p> <p>She was always &rsquo;fraid the Jeff would go after Blitz, &rsquo;cause o&rsquo; what a troublemaker she was; &rsquo;specially after her argument with father &rsquo;bout that... book she snuck home once...</p> <p><i>I wonder if I should just end it right now, the way I want to, before the Jeff has a chance. I mean, I&rsquo;m not going to live long, anyway. Might as well get it o&rsquo;er with.</i></p> <p>But she knew she couldn&rsquo;t do that. She&rsquo;d already thought o&rsquo; that for years before — &rsquo;specially after her family&rsquo;s death, when she was sure she&rsquo;d be unable to survive by herself — &amp; she came to the same conclusion each time: her family wouldn&rsquo;t want her to squander all o&rsquo; the hard work they went to to keep her &rsquo;live before they died — specially when &rsquo;twas so they could feed her that they worked in the pasta mines where they... they...</p> <p>Tears leaked out the corner o&rsquo; her eyes. <i>O, </i><i>¿</i><i>why are you doing this now? It&rsquo;s been years since it happened...</i></p> <p><i>Wait. ¿What the — what was that?</i></p> <p>She heard a branch snap, followed by the scrape o&rsquo; leather gainst dirt.</p> <p>“Lluvia o&rsquo; Gray Woods… O Lluvia… I know you’re somewhere in these gray woods”.</p> <p>Lluvia’s bulging eyes zipped in all directions, frantically searching for whence the voice originated. </p> <p><i>¿How near or far is she?</i></p> <p>“¿Are you in… <i>these bushes?</i>”</p> <p>Lluvia heard the scattered sounds o&rsquo; thousands o&rsquo; leaves being smacked gainst each other. Then silence, followed by the quiet crunch o&rsquo; feet o&rsquo;er dry leaves &amp; branches.</p> <p>Once &rsquo;gain, where this was in relation to Lluvia, she had no idea, as much as she dearly wished she knew. &rsquo;Course, she doubted that leaving her hiding spot would benefit her, no matter where Terra was: if she found her, she found her, &amp; ‘twas the crystal crocodiles for her.</p> <p>Still, this lack o&rsquo; knowledge bugged her mo&rsquo; than she could ever &rsquo;splain. It created the effect as if Terra were everywhere, all round Lluvia @ the same time.</p> <p>“¿No? Well, ¿how &rsquo;bout… &rsquo;hind this grave?”</p> <p>The next sound was the smash o&rsquo; a boot gainst stone, followed by the forest’s own shuddering as its leaves scattered under the weight o&rsquo; the fallen tombstone.</p> <p>“¿Why delay the inevitable?” asked the sheriff. “You’ll have to come out &rsquo;ventually. Your personal needs will demand it. You can’t hide forever. ¿Why not save us all the hassle &amp; come out now so we can quicken the inevitable?”</p> <p>Then the sheriff stopped talking, leaving Lluvia with just the constant crunch o&rsquo; Terra&rsquo;s feet like a bee slowly drilling into her skull &amp; a couple harsh whacks gainst bushes or tree trunks &amp; tottering o&rsquo; logs being kicked, every so oft.</p> <p>Then she was left with just the footsteps after a while, &amp; then e&rsquo;en they finally seemed to subside. Lluvia still didn’t dare come down from her hideout.</p> <p><i>¿But then what’ll you do? ¿Wait till dawn, when she’ll best be able to find you? ¿You think she won’t think to look for you @ that very moment? It’d be better to go now, while you’re as hidden as you can be, &amp; hope that this advantage&rsquo;ll be &rsquo;nough. Otherwise you’re screwed, regardless.</i></p> <p>In Lluvia’s mind that all sounded rational; but her body still felt glued to the comfortable embrace o&rsquo; her protector tree’s branches, which she secretly wished would sprout legs &amp; carry her &rsquo;way to safety like an Ent.</p> <p><i>It won&rsquo;t be able to protect you once the sun rises &rsquo;gain. C&rsquo;mon, this is the best chance you have. She&rsquo;s probably gone on far &rsquo;way.</i></p> <p>Lluvia slowly rose. Though she still couldn’t see anything in this darkness, her head absentmindedly swung round as if she could.</p> <p>She silently sighed. <i>This won’t end well.</i></p> <p>She crept down the tree limb-by-limb till her feet hit soft ground, causing her to cringe @ the loud sound it emitted. However, she heard no reaction; only the leaves swaying as they’d been doing for hours.</p> <p>Her frame was holding itself up tightly, &rsquo;fraid that any second the sheriff would jump out &amp; shatter her in 1 instance. Every step was a click o&rsquo; the Rifle Roulette aimed @ her head: however many bullets she had left, she couldn&rsquo;t guess. Though she yawned, her eyes &amp; mind were lucid, e&rsquo;en having gone so long without a refill o&rsquo; her stimulant. Her cogs were spun by a power much mo&rsquo; pungent: terror.</p> <p>Bony crunches, unearthly squeals, rustling leaves here, &amp; rustling leaves there assaulted her from all sides. <i>Just keep going; there’s no turning back now</i>. <i>You’ll either make it or you won’t; but you certainly won’t if you don’t go forward.</i></p> <p>There was something calming &rsquo;bout this idea: the lack o&rsquo; control o&rsquo; outcomes, the simple flip o&rsquo; the coin. She knew she could do that. ¿&amp; if it lands on tails? ¿Well, what was she s&rsquo;posed to do? ¿Flip the coin a certain way? There was nothing she could do.</p> <p>These were nice thoughts for the 1st few minutes; but the end o&rsquo; the woods was long in coming. Step after step after step &amp; still the barren ground remained, as if she were treading a treadmill. Trees passed were perpetually replaced like an assembly line. That the trees were sometimes decimeters mo&rsquo; to the left or mo&rsquo; to the right or closer or farther &rsquo;way from each other didn’t make any difference to her; all she saw were the same black objects over slightly-less-black objects in random arrangements — &amp; they didn’t seem close to stopping.</p> <p>What this seemingly endless trip gave her was a lot o&rsquo; time to think. That was the problem. @ 1st, she thought this would be a good thing, since she always liked thinking. You can’t hurt anybody by thinking — including yourself. Thoughts have no connection to reality, like tiny eggs in li&rsquo;l warm incubators.</p> <p>But then Lluvia’s thoughts did turn to reality &amp; soured. They returned to that question o&rsquo; why, &amp; that only returned her mind to the central fact o&rsquo; her trial through the Gray Forest: that somewhere out there in the invisible darkness was (¿were?) someone (¿someones?) who wanted to capture her &amp; inevitably destroy her.</p> <p><i>Stop obsessing o</i><i>&rsquo;</i><i>er it.</i> <i>Just think positive thoughts. Uh… Think o&rsquo; warm blanket caves in short rooms with sealed-shut windows, where though outside ravaged beefy rain &amp; hail, inside held only hushed, warm air.</i></p> <p>This didn’t help 1 bit. It only reminded her o&rsquo; what she wished she had; it came nowhere close to giving her it.</p> <p>What she did realize, however, was the subtle difference &rsquo;tween 2 types o&rsquo; terror: the quick &amp; the long-lasting. She was used to the quick kind — the kind in which she expected some disaster to happen @ any moment. She found she felt that kind all the time: every time she jammed her pick into the starchy walls o&rsquo; the pasta mines, every time she crossed the road during heavy traffic, every time she had to fight the ghosts haunting her attic, &amp; every time she tried frying flamingo eggs for breakfast.</p> <p>What she felt now, however, was the long-term terror: a long endurance test to her nerves wherein the quick dreads o&rsquo; being eaten &rsquo;live, captured, or worse that happened every second aggregated to a whole far mo&rsquo; exhausting than the sum o&rsquo; them, till she felt as if a spring had pulled in her head, as if the sanity were leaking out her head like oil, as if she just wanted to scream &rsquo;loud, “¡All right! ¡All right! ¡I’m right here! ¡Just capture me already so we can end this already!”</p> <p>But she didn’t. &rsquo;Stead, she sufficed with clutching her hands to each other tightly &amp; holding her breath, as if plugging the holes o&rsquo; a breaker &rsquo;bout to burst with steam — &amp; the way her limbs shook, it would’ve appeared that way to any onlooker, if it weren’t too dark to see.</p> <p>&amp; on &amp; on &amp; on.</p><p>Lluvia was just waking that morn when she learned that she was wanted by the Jeff.</p> <p>Why she was wanted, she couldn't tell. She simply stared @ 1 o' the beeping circular screens on the telephone that woke her in the 1st place &amp; read a message from the Jeff's # that said, “B @ the sheriffs office by noon to be taken out &amp; dont think bout trying to run way we can find you”.</p> <p>This left her in quite a carrot: she could ascertain by the words “to be taken out” that surrendering herself to the Jeff would end in her being taken out, which she was quite certain would upset her family up in the great bonus stage in the sky, not to mention the fact that she always felt nervous in kangaroo courts, what with them all hopping round &amp; stuffing their pouches with lawyers; &amp; yet, the Jeff clearly warned that they'd take her 'way forcibly if she didn't comply.</p> <p>'Sides, 'twas the Jeff: you're not s'posed to say no to the Jeff — a'least not if you don't want to be stuffed in a pickle jar without air holes. Her wise parents were always sure she knew this &amp; taught her to ne'er say anything treasonous or impolite — though she wasn't sure how well her older sister followed 'long, considering what a troublemaker she was. Lluvia, by contrast, was proud o' how thoroughly she followed this rule — so thoroughly that she avoided talking to people as much as possible.</p> <p><i>But this case is different: the Jeff's already going to stick dynamite in my stomach &amp; make my organs 'splode, so I might as well refuse so I a'least have a tiny chance o' not being dead.</i></p> <p><i>¿But what do I do now, then? I can't just stay here: they clearly said they can find me.</i></p> <p><i>Yeah, but they might've just been lying so I wouldn't e'en try &amp; it'd be easier for them.</i></p> <p><i>'Sides, ¿don't you remember what father always said?: ne'er give up without trying.</i></p> <p><i>¿But where should I hide then? They'll surely know I'm here.</i></p> <p><i>If only I'd opted to go unlisted...</i></p> <p><i>Isht. Whatever I do, I need to get moving.</i></p> <p>She forced her legs to swing out from under the covers, shivering @ the chilly feel o' the carpet on her bare feet, &amp; then bent down &amp; put on her socks &amp; boots — the only step o' “getting dressed” in the morn she needed, wearing the same jeans &amp; jacket day &amp; night. This time, rather than being ashamed @ her lazy attention span's inability to handle mo' complex wardrobe configurations, she was glad 'bout the way it made getting ready quicker.</p> <p>As she tied her boots, she thought, <i>It's obvious that I need to leave. ¿But where should I go?</i></p> <p><i>No time to think 'bout that. Let's get moving.</i></p> <p>She stretched &amp; yawned so strongly that the corner o' her eyes burned from under her hood. Though her brain knew she should get up, her body resisted. Her hanging eyelids rose as her attention transformed in a way Lluvia figured was similar to sobering after a hangover.</p> <p><i>There's no way I'm going to be able to do this. I can't 'scape the Jeff — no one can. I'm... I'm dead.</i></p> <p>She felt her fingers tighten o'er the edge o' her mattress &amp; scrape back off it repeatedly while she stared off @ her walls — her main hobby: she couldn't count all the hours she squandered gazing @ all the subtle shade variations round all the bumps &amp; concaves in the drywall. Sometimes, when she was 'specially daring, she'd even touch the wall, feeling its slightly-sticky, bumpy but smooth surface.</p> <p>She forced herself to stand as her mind shouted, <i>Isht. ¡Get up! ¡You have to get moving!</i></p> <p><i>Maybe I'll have 'nough time for a quick cup o' stimulant. It looks like I'll need it just to keep alert during this grueling ordeal, anyway.</i></p> <p>She knew this was a weak 'scuse, but strode out through the hall into the kitchen to start a brew, anyway. As she heard the pot churn the purple chemicals, she brought a mug out o' a cupboard, &amp; then stood in the middle o' the kitchen, wide-eyed.</p> <p><i>¿What now? I need to use this waiting time wisely.</i></p> <p><i>I ought to take some stuff with me.</i></p> <p><i>¿But what?</i></p> <p>She ran into her bedroom &amp; stood in the doorway, staring down @ the mountain o' junk lying all 'long the floor. She felt as if she were playing 1 o' those “Find Breeze” puzzles, 'cept with a short time limit, which, rather than making this a fun, calm game turned it into a blood-itching ordeal she just wanted to end quickly. She could hardly recognize most o' this junk, nor did she know where most o' it came from. She remembered some o' it came from strangers who gave her stuff after her family died for some reason; but most o' this stuff she faintly recognized from before that.</p> <p><i>Augh. Stop getting distracted. OK, let's see if there's anything we can — ¡There we go!</i></p> <p>She bent down &amp; pulled out a pudgy navy-blue suitcase with round edges &amp; a hard shell that felt like the offspring o' leather &amp; plastic. She could feel that 'twas empty by the airy way it moved; though she had to open it, anyway, to fill it.</p> <p><i>Now, ¿what should I take?</i></p> <p><i>¡The stimulant &amp; maker, duh!</i></p> <p>She ran out into the kitchen with the suitcase still in-hand &amp; saw that the carafe had already finished brewing. She dropped the suitcase, poured the stimulant into her mug, &amp; shot a bullet o' it down her gullet, ignoring the burns it left in her mouth. She could feel it stretch its warm feet down her stomach, felt it pumped her marrow full o' nuclear energy — as well as dissolving her internal organs.</p> <p>After a few mo' chugs, she set her mug down &amp; scrambled to turn off the machine &amp; unplug it, only to stop suddenly afterward.</p> <p><i>¿Should I clean it 'fore I take it or not?</i></p> <p><i>Augh. Too many decisions. Too many ways I can mess up.</i></p> <p><i>No time to clean it.</i></p> <p>So she took the stimulant maker, being careful not to let the pot fall out &amp; smash gainst the floor, &amp; set it in her suitcase.</p> <p><i>OK. Now, ¿what else should I put in here?</i> Her heels rose &amp; fell by their own volition, inspired by her impatience to leave while she still had a chance &amp; the stimulant.</p> <p>Then she heard rapping @ her front door.</p> <p><i>That must be them.</i></p> <p><i>It's not like it'd be anyone else.</i></p> <p>She peered over the side o' the kitchen, only to see that she'd, thankfully, left the blinds closed.</p> <p><i>You ne'er know, though: they could have special glasses that allows them to see through solid objects.</i></p> <p>She heard a voice half-carved out from passing through the door say, “Lluvia, this is Sheriff Terra o' the Feathers. Under power o' the Jeff I order you to come out”.</p> <p>Lluvia held her breath, feeling the rest o' her body try to suck itself into antimatter. She'd known Terra since she was 10 — knew she was always frightened o' that face o' hardened mold, the way her voice always sounded like metal smashing gainst the wall after midnight, even when she was speaking calmly. Indeed, e'en including the 1 time she'd seen her topple o'er a thief in 1 motion, she'd ne'er seen Terra emote anything but calmness.</p> <p>“If you don't come out, I'll just bust in &amp; force you out. You might as well save us time”.</p> <p>Lluvia closed her suitcase as quietly as she could &amp; tiptoed through out into the hallway.</p> <p>“All right. Have it the hard way”, said Terra.</p> <p><i>OK, think quickly: ¿Where can I hide? ¿Where can I hide?</i></p> <p>She stopped &amp; looked up to see string dangling from the door to the attic. She leapt &amp; grabbed its end, pulling down the door with her, atop which was a set o' stairs.</p> <p>But Lluvia dropped her suitcase when she heard pounding on the door so strong she could feel its vibrations push straight through her skeleton. She looked 'hind her &amp; saw the door jerk millimeters out o' its frame @ each blow.</p> <p>Despite her bones' desire to just shatter into pieces &amp; get it o'er with, Lluvia forced herself to climb the attic stairs, pulling the door shut 'hind her.</p> <p>She peeked down through the thin slits on the sides o' the door, clenching her hands together &amp; shaking @ every strike gainst the door as if Terra were pounding directly on Lluvia's spinal cord.</p> <p>Finally, she heard a thump, followed by oily footsteps. Terra's voice, now much clearer, called out, “You can hide, but you can't run. Stop wasting our time: be a good citizen &amp; give yourself in”.</p> <p>Lluvia's lungs locked up as she watched Terra march through her view. However, Terra didn't seem to e'en glance upward, passing by completely.</p> <p><i>¿Dare I try 'scaping while she's preoccupied in my room or should I wait &amp; see if she'll 'ventually give up &amp; leave?</i></p> <p><i>It's unlikely I could outrun her, so I'd better get a good running start — &amp; e'en that'd unlikely work; but if I wait, she might see this door &amp; check up here.</i></p> <p>Lluvia shivered. 'Twas much colder up here. She could tell by the pattering she heard outside &amp; the minty smell that 'twas raining — Gray Forest legitimizing its name, as it oft did. She looked back 'long the wall &amp; saw a dusty window open a crack. For how many years, Lluvia couldn't guess. She couldn't e'en remember the last time she'd been up here.</p> <p>She did remember that she &amp; Blitz were always excited 'bout such a huge room full o' mysteries when they was younger — well, Blitz was; Lluvia was always 'fraid o' being devoured by flesh-eating moths. The irony was, by the time they were ol' 'nough to go up there, neither was interested anymo': Blitz was preoccupied with school, Lluvia with her gorgeous walls.</p> <p>Lluvia sighed. <i>So much I've neglected, so much I've left 'hind; &amp; now it'll probably be too late.</i></p> <p><i>Well, if I do live through this, I won't make that mistake 'gain: I promise you, attic, that if I can return to you safely, I'll show you the love you deserve.</i></p> <p>Though she hoped these distractions might make a good reprieve from the noise &amp; the chill that conspired to assault her nervous system, they were dashed 'way by the constant clacking o' hard objects being tossed 'bout, — presumably by Terra in her room — which only scraped her nerves e'en bloodier. 'Twas @ this point that she rued forgetting to use the bathroom earlier, as the mix o' liquid- &amp; fear-based stimulant pressed on her like a wall o' wasp stingers.</p> <p><i>¿What do they want from me? ¿Why are they doing this? ¡Just leave me 'lone!</i></p> <p>She knew the relatively quiet violence gainst inanimate objects was, by itself, harmless. She was safe so far. Her organs were all working fine. 'Twas her pesky brain &amp; the implied violence it recognized in such noises that drove her close to ripping the skin right off her face just to expend the energy that'd otherwise just choke her blood supply.</p> <p><i>¡If I don't just go now I'll go crazy! ¡Just go!</i></p> <p><i>For once, do something... ¡something! Would your family want you to die just sitting here clutching your knees with drenched trousers or would they want you to a'least try to survive as they did killing themselves to feed your sluggish mouth.</i></p> <p>Lluvia held her breath &amp; tightened her right hand's grasp on her suitcase while the other hand clutched the attic door. She hesitated for a second, during which she decided to take 1 last peek down through the slit, only to discern from the sound o' the sliding closet door that Terra was still in her room.</p> <p><i>She won't be for long if you don't go, ¡now!</i></p> <p>Lluvia forced her arm to carefully but swiftly push the door down, slowing just before the bottom to minimize the sound it made. She looked to the sides 'gain to see if Terra'd heard, but heard no reprieve in the ongoing but irrhythmic clatter o' Terra's search.</p> <p>Lluvia leapt down in 1 loud stomp &amp; immediately ran for the thankfully still-open doorway. She heard Terra's search suddenly cut off; but by that point Lluvia was already out the door, only to trip over the deck &amp; stumble face-1st into the damp dirt.</p> <p>She looked o'ershoulder, expecting to see Terra right 'hind her, only to see that she still hadn't reached the doorway. 'Twasn't till Lluvia was back on her feet &amp; running 'gain that she saw Terra poke her head out the door &amp; her heavy-lidded eyes lock on Lluvia.</p> <p>However, rather than chasing after Lluvia, all Terra did was stand there with her arms crossed &amp; call out, “You're only creating mo' pain for yourself in the longterm. There's nowhere safe. We control the whole place — &amp; we will get you 'ventually”.</p>